README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/space-physics/WMM2015.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/space-physics/WMM2015)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/a1xae6d5b5ek65p7?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/scivision/wmm2015)
[![Python versions (PyPI)](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/wmm2015.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/wmm2015)
[![Downloads](http://pepy.tech/badge/wmm2015)](http://pepy.tech/project/wmm2015)


# WMM2015

 WMM2015 World Magnetic Model...in simple, object-oriented Python.
 Tested on Linux, Mac and Windows.
 Any modern C compiler we tried worked, including Visual Studio, GCC, PGI and Intel compilers...

 ![image](tests/incldecl.png)

## Install

To get the cutting-edge development version, `git clone` and then:
```sh
python -m pip install -e .
```
Otherwise, for the latest release from PyPi:
```sh
python -m pip install wmm2015
```

## Usage
an example script
```sh
python RunWMM2015.py
```

as a Python module:
```python
import wmm2015

mag = wmm2015.wmm(glat, glon, alt_km, yeardec)
```

## Reference


If you only want the plain C program, you can do:

```sh
cmake -B build
cmake --build build --parallel

./build/wmm
```


-   WMM2015 [inclination map](https://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/geomag/WMM/data/WMM2015/WMM2015_I_MERC.pdf)
-   WMM2015 [declination map](https://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/geomag/WMM/data/WMM2015/WMM2015_D_MERC.pdf)

Commit message:

ci=> github actions, functionalize build and dll find
pep standard install

CI: setup build

pep8

README.md, after:

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/space-physics/wmm2015/workflows/ci/badge.svg)](https://github.com/space-physics/wmm2015/actions)


[![Python versions (PyPI)](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/wmm2015.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/wmm2015)
[![Downloads](http://pepy.tech/badge/wmm2015)](http://pepy.tech/project/wmm2015)


# WMM2015

 WMM2015 World Magnetic Model...in simple, object-oriented Python.
 Tested on Linux, Mac and Windows.
 Any modern C compiler we tried worked, including GCC, PGI and Intel compilers.
 However, at this time Visual Studio is not supported since MSVC doesn't export function symbols without additional headers (or something like SWIG).

 ![image](tests/incldecl.png)

## Install

To get the cutting-edge development version, `git clone` and then:

```sh
python -m pip install -e .
```

Otherwise, for the latest release from PyPi:

```sh
python -m pip install wmm2015
```

## Usage
an example script

```sh
python RunWMM2015.py
```

as a Python module:
```python
import wmm2015

mag = wmm2015.wmm(glat, glon, alt_km, yeardec)
```

## Reference



-   WMM2015 [inclination map](https://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/geomag/WMM/data/WMM2015/WMM2015_I_MERC.pdf)
-   WMM2015 [declination map](https://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/geomag/WMM/data/WMM2015/WMM2015_D_MERC.pdf)
